Action Items

0

3

7

10
Service Workers sit between your web app and the network. They are intended to enable the creation of effective offline experiences, intercept network requests, and take appropriate action based on whether the network is available. They also allow access to push notifications and background sync APIs.

The screenshots member defines an array of screenshots intended to showcase your app.

The id member is a string that represents the unique identifier of your PWA to the browser. If you don't supply one, your start_url is used as your ID. This can be problematic if your start_url changes in the future; browsers will see your PWA at the new URL as a different app. Supplying a stable and unchanging ID helps browsers and operating systems uniquely identify your app.

The related_applications member specifies an array of objects that are related applications to the web app. This can include native applications that the user can install or use in conjunction with the web app.

The iarc_rating_id member is a string that represents the International Age Rating Coalition (IARC) certification code of the web application. It is intended to be used to determine which ages the web application is appropriate for.

The display_override lets the developer provide a sequence of display modes that the browser will consider before using the display member.

The scope member is a string that represents the name of the web application as it is usually displayed to the user (e.g., amongst a list of other applications, or as a label for an icon).

The lang member is a string that represents the default language of your PWA.

The dir member is a string that represents the default text direction of your PWA's language. For example, ltr for left-to-right languages like English, or rtl for right-to-left languages like Hebrew and Arabic.

Scope extensions allow your PWA to define additional URL domains that are considered in-scope for your app. For example, for a PWA hosted on example.com, you may add auth.example.com and en.example.com to your scope extensions. Without scope extensions, any navigation outside of your PWA's domain may show a browser address bar inside your PWA.

Widgets are adaptive cards with text, images, an actions related to your app. On Windows, widgets appear over the desktop when the user clicks the widget taskbar icon or presses Win+W.

The edge_side_panel member specifies if your app supports the side panel in Microsoft Edge.

The window-controls-overlay display mode allows you to customize your PWA's title bar, enabling a more app-like experience.

The tabbed display mode allows your PWA to act as a multi-document interface, allowing for multiple tabs to be opened inside your PWA.

The note_taking member identifies a web app as a note-taking app and defines related information, for example a URL pointing to functionality for taking a new note. This enables operating systems to integrate the app's note taking functionality, for example including a "New note" option in the app's context menu, or providing the app as an option for taking a note in other apps.

